1415386BR

Job Description
As an Informatics Analyst, you will conduct, analyze, or produces reports of varied healthcare data to assist in the assessment 
of health and economic outcomes. The Informatics Analyst is essential for extracting clinical and financial healthcare data 
from multiple sources and creates integrated analytic data sets. The Informatics Analyst position is responsible for producing 
results including, but not limited to: lists, reports, graphical summaries and statistical tests.
As part of the Pharmacy Business Reporting Team, the Informatics Analyst will support internal clients including Account 
Management, Underwriting, Sales Support and others through specialized reporting, some analysis, and short-term projects. 
The Pharmacy Business Reporting Team is accountable for claims analysis and summary to support internal business goals.

Required Qualifications
1+ year experience with programming, data analysis or related experience

Preferred Qualifications
• SQL and SAS programming experience (e.g., SAS Base, SAS STAT, SAS Macros)
• Experience with reporting platforms such as: Business Objects, Microsoft Access, web development technology, 
big data analytics, data mining, Visual Basic
• Experience with relational databases, data systems and data warehouses
• Experience in statistical analysis and database management
• Experience with analytic programming tools and methods (SAS, SQL, OLAP, Business Objects, Crystal).
• Experience in healthcare or pharmaceutical industry

Education
Associate's degree or equivalent experience, preferably in Mathematics, Economics, Statistics, Computer Science, Actuarial 
Science, Social Science, Healthcare or related discipline.

Business Overview
At Aetna, a CVS Health company, we are joined in a common purpose: helping people on their path to better health. We are 
working to transform health care through innovations that make quality care more accessible, easier to use, less expensive and 
patient-focused. Working together and organizing around the individual, we are pioneering a new approach to total health that 
puts people at the heart.

We are committed to maintaining a diverse and inclusive workplace. CVS Health is an equal opportunity and affirmative action 
employer. We do not discriminate in recruiting, hiring or promotion based on race, ethnicity, gender, gender identity, age, 
disability or protected veteran status. We proudly support and encourage people with military experience (active, veterans, 
reservists and National Guard) as well as military spouses to apply for CVS Health job opportunities.